[release] 0.2.139 (#15487)
hail-is/hail: hail/python/hailtop/batch/docs/change_log.rst

Change Log
==========

**Version 0.2.139**

> - (`#15200 <https://github.com/hail-is/hail/pull/15200>`__) All services now use role-based access control. Permissions can be granted via intermediate roles (e.g. for billing access) instead of the previous all-or-nothing developer flag.

Reviewer: slightly awkward wording. Maybe improvement?

```suggestion
- (`#15200 <https://github.com/hail-is/hail/pull/15200>`__) Services now use role-based access control for system-level actions. Users can be granted specific system roles (e.g. sysadmin, billing manager) instead of the previous all-or-nothing developer flag.
```

> - (`#15497 <https://github.com/hail-is/hail/pull/15497>`__) GCP pooled worker VMs have been upgraded from the N1 to the N2 machine family. N2 machines are now also available for job-private jobs.

Reviewer: Alas, no, this got rolled back

> - (`#15497 <https://github.com/hail-is/hail/pull/15497>`__) GCP pooled worker VMs have been upgraded from the N1 to the N2 machine family. N2 machines are now also available for job-private jobs.

Reviewer 2: Had to walk back the pool upgrade due to quota constraints

- (`#15409 <https://github.com/hail-is/hail/pull/15409>`__) Billing data can now be exported to CSV from the billing page and a new API endpoint.
- (`#15555 <https://github.com/hail-is/hail/pull/15555>`__) The batch details page now shows billing project information and warns when the billing project is low on or over its limit.
- (`#15588 <https://github.com/hail-is/hail/pull/15588>`__) Add an API endpoint that returns a signed URL for downloading job logs directly from cloud storage, for logs too large to fetch via the standard endpoint.
- (`#15523 <https://github.com/hail-is/hail/pull/15523>`__, `#15572 <https://github.com/hail-is/hail/pull/15572>`__, `#15574 <https://github.com/hail-is/hail/pull/15574>`__) All queries previously only available through the web UI now have REST ``/api/`` equivalents, and the batch driver API is now documented with OpenAPI.
- (`#15452 <https://github.com/hail-is/hail/pull/15452>`__) Fix timeouts when localizing large input files to a job, significantly speeding up large file downloads.

> - (`#15494 <https://github.com/hail-is/hail/pull/15494>`__) Fix fetching logs of a specific container with ``hailctl``, support fetching logs of previous attempts, and add a command to list a job's attempts.

Reviewer: Nit: could be bundled with #15498 under a general "CLI enhancements" bullet

Reviewer 3: Goes against the grain a bit having sub-bullets.
I'm not tied to this format in any way and happy to change it to something that scans better, but not today.

Reviewer: fair enough 👍

**Version 0.2.139**

> - (`#15200 <https://github.com/hail-is/hail/pull/15200>`__) All services now use role-based access control. Permissions can be granted via intermediate roles (e.g. for billing access) instead of the previous all-or-nothing developer flag.

Reviewer: This line somehow got reverted back to its original state
